KKP addon fixes & cleanup (#11)
kubermatic/flowmatic: addon/README.md

- `OIDCProviderURL` (text): URL of external OIDC provider, e.g. Kubermatic Dex instance. Make sure that `DomainName` is specified if you are using this. If not provided, static user authentication will be used.
- `OIDCSecret` (text): Secret string shared between the OIDC provider and KubeFlow. If not provided, [this default](https://github.com/kubeflow/manifests/blob/master/istio/oidc-authservice/base/params.env#L5) is used (insecure!).

## Example Addon Resources
For the Kubeflow addon:
```yaml
apiVersion: kubermatic.k8s.io/v1
kind: Addon
metadata:
  name: kubeflow
  namespace: cluster-bjg9qmhctj
  ownerReferences:
  - apiVersion: kubermatic.k8s.io/v1
    blockOwnerDeletion: true
    controller: true
    kind: Cluster
    name: bjg9qmhctj
    uid: 30c13f8b-235e-4512-8673-d9b0f3a41f27
spec:
  cluster:
    kind: Cluster
    name: bjg9qmhctj
    uid: 30c13f8b-235e-4512-8673-d9b0f3a41f27
  name: kubeflow
  variables:
    ExposeLoadBalancer: true
    EnableTLS: true
    DomainName: kubeflow.mydomain.io
    OIDCProviderURL: https://dev.kubermatic.io/dex
    OIDCSecret: NQh4P9fIDlEyI6EMKW66TLKLdcIStT4C02
```

## DNS Setup

> If using `IstioIngressGatewayServiceType=LoadBalancer`, to access the Kubeflow dashboard, finish the DNS setup of you installation. In order to do that, retrieve the external IP / DNS name allocated for the istio-ingressgateway service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using `ExposeLoadBalancer=true`, to access the Kubeflow dashboard, finish the DNS setup of you installation. In order to do that, retrieve the external IP / DNS name allocated for the istio-ingressgateway service:
```
